edits to guides content (#137)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/guides/components.mdx

</AnotherComponent>
```

> Because Starlight is powered by Astro, you also can use components built with any [supported UI framework (React, Preact, Svelte, Vue, Solid, Lit and Alpine)](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/framework-components/) in your MDX files.

Reviewer: Not clear here what the "also" would refer to. I'm assuming Astro components but we don't actually mention those so maybe we remove?

```suggestion
Because Starlight is powered by Astro, you can use components built with any [supported UI framework (React, Preact, Svelte, Vue, Solid, Lit, and Alpine)](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/framework-components/) in your MDX files.
```

Alternatively, I guess we could rework to mention Astro components too.

One thing I wasn't sure of was how much to say about adding framework integrations. Maybe we need to say this is supported _if_ you add an integration?

Author: Updated your comment to use the same wording we use for Markdoc! "You can add support for..."

import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

> You can display content in a box matching Starlight's styles using the `<Card>` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can display content in a box matching Starlight’s styles using the `<Card>` component.
```

</CardGrid>

:::tip

> Use a card grid on your home page to display your project's key features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a card grid on your home page to display your project’s key features.
```
